I think the council of December 15th made the world a more dangerous place, since it encouraged violence.
First, as far as immigration is concerned, you decided to deal with the control of arrivals
by entrusting them to two violent and obscurantic guards: the leaders of Turkey and Libya.
As far as Russia is concerned, you decided to maintain absurd sanctions that prolong an irresponsibly tense situation.
And you now intend to enforce an agreement on Ukraine that was rejected by the Dutch people.
After Brexit, you basically advocate war against Russia as the EU's only common project.
My country already rejected the European Defense Community project in 1954,
and let me tell you that it is a fantasy to think that we would let you use the threat of our nuclear button in your chaotic meetings.
All your Atlanticist and pro-NATO statements show you're overwhelmed with the situation,
because Mr. Trump decided that the new opponent of Europe and the USA was China.
If you want to make Europe stronger, then make the people stronger,
unite the peoples through social progress,
and through a vision of the future that consist in something else than finance and war.
Elections will soon take place in France and Germany.
I hope it will be the opportunity to make a proposition for Europe that is different from the Europe that you've created.